c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\AzureMLAPITest.exe.config
C:\Users\Ryota\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\AzureMLAPITest.exe
C:\Users\Ryota\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\AzureMLAPITest.pdb
C:\Users\Ryota\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
C:\Users\Ryota\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
C:\Users\Ryota\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
C:\Users\Ryota\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\Ryota\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\Ryota\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
C:\Users\Ryota\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
C:\Users\Ryota\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
C:\Users\Ryota\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
C:\Users\Ryota\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
C:\Users\Ryota\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
C:\Users\Ryota\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\Ryota\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\Ryota\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\obj\Debug\AzureMLAPITest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Ryota\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Ryota\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Ryota\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Ryota\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\obj\Debug\AzureMLAPITest_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Ryota\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\obj\Debug\AzureMLAPITest_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Ryota\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Ryota\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\obj\Debug\AzureMLAPITest.g.resources
C:\Users\Ryota\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\obj\Debug\AzureMLAPITest.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Ryota\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\obj\Debug\AzureMLAPITest.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Ryota\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\obj\Debug\AzureMLAPITest.exe
C:\Users\Ryota\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\obj\Debug\AzureMLAPITest.pdb
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\ryota\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AzureMLAPITest\AzureMLAPITest\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
